CARBON_HOME/repository/conf directory contains all the Stratos configuration files. 
carbon/products/manager/conf contains all the Stratos specific configuration files,
 in the source tree structure.

1. announcement.xml
   Originally added to customize the announcement using the announcement module. Not used as of now.

2. bam.xml
   The configuration for billing and metering.

3. billing-config.xml
   Defines the database and the Task for billing. Multi-tenancy billing rules (by default, uses 
   multitenancy-billing-rules.drl) and email for billing notifications (by default, uses 
   email-billing-notifications.xml) are specified here.

4. cloud-services-desc.xml
   This has the configurations for the cloud services. 
   Label, link, icon, description, and the other similar information for each of the services are
   given here.

5. email-admin-config.xml
   Contains the body of the mail that to be sent upon the tenant configuration request by the admin
   of the tenant. This includes the password reset link, for the forgotten passwords.

6. email-billing-notifications.xml
   Contains the body of the mail that to be sent as the invoice of the tenant for the period.

7. email-new-tenant-activation.xml
   Contains the body of the mail that to be sent to the super admin or a given admin email address,
    when a new tenant activates their unactivated account.

8. email-new-tenant-registration.xml
   Contains the body of the mail that to be sent to the super admin or a given admin email address,
    when a new tenant registers for an account.

9. email-password-reset.xml
   Contains the body of the mail that to be sent when the tenant admin's password is reset, mostly
   by a service administrator, known as the super-tenant in Stratos-world.

10. email-registration.xml
   Contains the body of the mail to be sent for the tenant registration validation. 
   This mail has the registration validation link to validate the email too.

11. email-registration-complete.xml
    Contains the mail that to be sent upon successful registration and the successful validation 
    of the email.

12.  email-update.xml
    Contains the body of the mail that to be sent upon receiving an email change request from the 
    account management. The new email address will be notified of this change.

13. eula.xml
    Contains the End User License Agreement for Stratos. Will be displayed during the self-registration
    of the tenant.

14. identity.xml
    Security, SSO store, Personal certificate stores of the user, authentication, and the other 
    identity related parameters can be configured from here.

15. metering-config-non-manager.xml
    This file contains configuration related to the metering.

16. multitenancy-billing-rules
    This file defines the rules for the billing for multiple tenants.

17. multitenancy-packages.xml
    This contains the subscription types and the respective limits of parameters for each of the 
    packages.

18. README-STRATOS
    This file. This has the information about the stratos specific configurations files.

19. samples-desc.xml
    This has the description of the platform sample (currently included, shopping cart sample).

20. stratos.xml
    This is the configuration file for Stratos specific constants. 
    Feel free to add your custom parameters and constants here.

21. tenant-reg-agent.xml
    tenantRegListenerServers configuration

22. throttling-config.xml
    Configuration file for throttling.

23. throttling-rules.drl
    Defines the throttling rules.

24. user-mgt.xml
   The User Manager configuration file used for configuring user management details.
